# cs250
-How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?  User stories help developers in a number of ways, the main way being by clearly listing what each end user is seeking to have in the end product. By using user stories, developers can maintain a clear picture of what the end user is after, which in turn creates a more satiating end result for everyone involved. One way to incorporate user needs into in program is by first fully understanding what the end user is after. Once a developer has clear picture of what needs to be incorporated into the program or project, they could go about by making a rough draft of how they would go about completing it. An example of this would be to create pseudocode or a flowchart clearly laying out the "game plan" of how the project is to go. Once completed, the developer can then go on to create working functionality. 

-How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work? One agile process I will incorporate into my development work in the future is to work in short sprint iteration cycles. The idea of breaking a project down into shorter sprint iterations each with short term attainable goals is a great way to boost productivity and avoid overload risks. It is how I will go about developing in the future; by first gathering requirements needed for the whatever project I will be undertaking, setting short term goals for my first sprint cycles, and then by working to develop working functionality.
  
-What does it mean to be a good team member in software development? A good team member maintains communication with other team members and concurs to code ethically and responsibly. They do the work assigned to them in a timely manner and meet the requirements of said proj
